Hey!
Don't you sleep during class.
Sorry.
But hear me out!
I'm really sleep deprived.
What were you doing?
Video games!
Okay class, going on!
What?! Come on!
Listen up, class.
People have to sleep at night.
You'll stay up late once you're an adult,
whether you like it or not.
So get your body used to a healthy sleep schedule
while you're still young.
ASAI
I'm home.
Goodnight.
Komori Housing Complex Council
Nazuna Nanakusa
Ko Yamori
Ano hi ringo no ki no shita kyouhan de
Fumi koete mita kyoukaisen
Suguni black out
A, oikari de...
Oitaterarete konna jigen e
Oretoshita koto ga
Ore gotoki desura
Ore ni kagitte iya
Msaka ne
Kimi no sei ni shita
Himitsu o teni shita
Ichijiku no ha ga migi hidari
Atto iuma me ga sameru
Kato omoeba sora ni ochite yuku
Nanto iuka yamerarenu
Mouhito kajiri
Again, Fallin' fallin' rasenjou ni ochiteiku matenrou ni mo
Fallin' fallin' futaribocchi kizukanai curtain call ni mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah doko made mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah kono mi makasete
Itsuno ma ni
Kizu ga umatteku yeah
Again, Fallin' fallin' rasenjou ni ochiteiku matenrou ni mo
Fallin' fallin' futaribocchi kizukanai curtain call ni mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah doko made mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah kono mi makasete
Itsuno ma ni
Kizu ga umatteku yeah
I'm much better at leaving the house quietly now,
if I do say so myself.
I wonder where Nazuna-chan will be toda-
She's usually impossible to find...
...but she's in a really easy place to find today.
Honestly, I don't want to see her just yet today.
What's taking Ko-kun so long?
I mean, I don't know what kind of look I should give her.
This is only if I'm not mistaken, but...
...the act of one's lips touching someone else's...
That's called a kiss, right?
So she kissed me.
What are you thinking, Nazuna Nanakusa?!
See, it won't be long now.
Yup.
What's going on?
A couple?
Really, that's so nice.
Talk about flaunting their relationship.
C'mon, let's go chat about it over some more drinks!
I-it's the first time I've seen people kissing!
I-I see...
Now that I think about it, it makes sense.
A kiss is something that couples
and people who love each other do.
Huh? Wait, in that case...
Doesn't that mean I love Nazuna-chan already?
My heart's pounding and all.
Then I guess that means, in other words...
I've achieved my goal of falling in love with a vampire?
Whoa!
Yay! That means I get to become a vampire!
Goodbye normalcy, ordinary life, tough times!
Good evening, new me!
Hey, you!
What the heck are you doing here?!
I was waiting where you'd find me right away!
Nazuna-chan...
Your timing couldn't have been better.
Why are you acting all weird?
I'm all ready for you!
Come on, whenever you want!
Have a bite!
Th-that's indecent!
Cut out the lewd pose!
What's with you today?
Something's off.
Like, with your head.
Say what you want.
I'll have you know that I, Ko Yamori,
have achieved what was thought to be
the toughest of missions:
to fall in love with a vampire!
Are you joking?
Why would I joke about this?!
I've never felt firmer about anything!
You feel "firm," huh?
So, what, you're...
in love with me?
Yup!
Fine, then.
Come here.
Is this it?
Am I going to be a vampire?
All that stuff about having to go to school,
morning versus nighttime,
friends, parents, being human...
I'll be free from all of it!
Finally...
Finally!
Whew, that's mad tasty.
Am I one now?
Why would you be, moron?
Huh?
Why?! This wasn't the deal!
"Why"?
Because you aren't in love, obviously.
Huh?! But I am!
Excuse me?!
Look, I know what happened.
You're confused because of yesterday.
One little kiss and you thought you were in love, right?
You know what that is?
That's lust.
R-really?
It's not healthy to think of romantic love
and lust as separate things,
but yeah, at least in this case,
that's probably what it is.
You mean when you kissed me...
I got aroused?
Guess so!
Did you enjoy it that much?
Want another one?
Y-you're awful!
It was my first ever and you're acting like it was nothing!
Oh really?
Sure, you've probably had plenty of others!
What a coincidence.
It was my first, too.
Um...
Is it okay that it was with me?
Why?
Kissing is what you do with friends!
Okay...
4th Night: Isn’t This a Tight Squeeze?
It's still nighttime.
Lately, I haven't been sleeping well.
Akira...
Yamori...
You're in uniform, which means...
Huh? You're not on your way home, are you?
I just got up.
What? It's midnight.
Are you sure you should be waking up now?
Doesn't the same go for you, though?
So, Yamori...
Are you going to see that vampire now?
Yeah.
Look, Yamori, people need to sleep at night, you know.
Our teacher said we should get our bodies used to
a healthy sleep cycle while we're still young.
Doesn't the same go for you, though?
But I'm sleeping, unlike you.
You're going to stay up and go straight to school, right?
That's the plan.
Okay, then!
Why don't you come hang out?
With Nazuna-chan and me?
Hold on, hold on, hold on!
Take that!
All right!
Yup, you suck bigtime!
Dammit! I can't beat you at all!
Nazuna-chan, I bet you've played this a million times!
Vampires have a lot of time our hands.
You wanna try, Asai-chan?
If you win against me, I'll give you a kiss.
Uh, that's a hard pass.
Then do you want to play a different game?
It's the kiss I don't want.
Huh?!
Wait, is the "kiss for winning"
something you're telling Yamori too?
Yeah.
Hey, no you haven't!
Will you stop with that kind of thing?!
Well yeah, I guess we kiss
without those conditions, anyway.
Hey, wha-
Huh?!
Yamori...
Yes?
Look, I want to be supportive,
whoever you choose to like or go out with.
But you know, with an obscene monster like this,
it's hard for me to be understanding.
An obscene monster...
Just so you know,
Ko-kun doesn't like me or anything.
Huh?
What do you want to play next?
Sorry I don't have a lot of party games.
I'm not that into party games myself-
Wait, that's not the point!
Doki Doki Sewing Club!!
Ko :
Sheesh,
it's still morning and you're all so cheery.
I wish I was half as chipper.
Uh, wait, what?
Doki Doki Sewing Club!!
Azusa :
Then let's go to school.
Doki Doki Sewing Club!!
Mio :
Fine, maybe I'll go with you.
Doki Doki Sewing Club!!
Haruna :
Oh, all right, let's go.
What is this?
Right?
They all like the protagonist way too much
from the beginning, don't they?
Where's the fun in romancing them?
That's not it.
Hit on them once and he'll bed them
by the end of the day.
You think they'll do it in the school bathroom?
What's wrong with you?!
Doki Doki Sewing Club!!
Haruna :
Let's go to school together.
Doki Doki Sewing Club!!
GO
DON'T GO
Haruna :
Let's go to school together.
Doki Doki Sewing Club!!
GO
DON'T GO
Haruna :
Let's go to school together.
Doki Doki Sewing Club!!
GO
DON'T GO
Haruna :
Let's go to school together.
Wait, why?
What? You startled me.
You should go to school!
But I can't be bothered...
Why are you like that in the video game, too?
I mean, I never liked big groups to begin with.
I don't know what they're after,
but I don't wanna go to school
with a bunch of people who crowd me in the morning
and talk at me in loud voices.
Your tone is way too serious.
Doki Doki Sewing Club!!
Huh, I never knew you could be so serious
about playing a dating sim.
Doki Doki Sewing Club!!
Mio :
Jeez, you're always like this! Let's go already!
This is bad, Ko-kun.
They're gonna take you anyway.
Dammit, what was the point of the selection?
This happens a lot in RPGs.
Doki Doki Sewing Club!!
Crash!
Yura :
Ack!
Doki Doki Sewing Club!!
Yura :
Ow...
Hey, yet another girl!
Doki Doki Sewing Club!!
Ko :
S-sorry! Are you okay?
Why?!
Doki Doki Sewing Club!!
There was definitely enough space on the road!
The busty girl with glasses hastily picks up the bag she dropped.
How did she bump into him?!
Her skirt's so short...
Plus her tits are friggin' huge.
Doki Doki Sewing Club!!
Yura :
I-I'm sorry! I need to run.
Oh...
I liked that girl the best.
Her tits are huge, too.
Can you not say tits, please?
What's your deal, Ko-kun?
Are girls you don't have to talk with
whose bosoms are huge your type?
Why would you say "bosoms"?
It's more erotic to say "bosom"
instead of "breasts," y'know?
You don't have to sound erotic.
So do you?
Do you like big boobs?
I mean, b... b... don't really matter...
You're so embarassed, middle schooler!
Middle schoolers get embarassed, okay?!
I'm a little relieved to know Yamori
hasn't changed much in that respect.
When he said he was fooling around at night, I thought
he might be up to something sketchy,
but it's actually pretty wholesome I guess?
By the way, it's almost four o'clock.
Why don't we go to sleep soon?
I want some blood, too.
Oh okay, I'll save the game.
Let's continue when we wake up.
What?! Don't tell me you sleep together?!
Uh, well, but there's nothing indecent about it...
A guy and girl sleeping together
is indecent enough, isn't it?
Nazuna-chan! That's not what you said before!
And today, it's guy-girl-girl, you know?
Huh?
No, no...
No! No way!
Isn't this a tight squeeze?!
You say that after you lie down?
Something smells nice...
No, no! This is way too weird!
I'm going to school.
The gates will open in about two hours, anyway.
Huh? That's dangerous!
It's the middle of the night!
You mean early morning!
But you know, Asai-chan,
it's probably raining right now.
And I don't have any umbrellas.
Why don't you just wait out the rain?
No... No, no way!
Do that elsewhere!
I TOLD you not to do it in front of my friend!
Well, just hear me out.
Isn't guilty pleasure great for spicing things up?
Please don't use me for spicing things up.
Anyway, what's the deal with that thing you're doing?
The "deal"?
Supply and demand.
Supply and demand?
Ko-kun, see, has ridiculously tasty blood.
Okay, is that so?
And Ko-kun wants me to suck his blood!
Okay...
Supply...
and demand...
...met!
Ow!
Uh, I don't get it at all!
But that's really the only way to explain it.
Right?
Well, I mean...
Why do you want her to, Yamori?
Huh?
You're really gonna ask that?!
C'mon, tell her straight, Yamori-san!
Y-you see, Akira-san...
"-san"?
I'm hoping to become a vampire someday!
Yeah! You sure told her, Ko-kun!
Uh...
It's great you have a dream for the future, I guess?
Thanks so much for sugarcoating that
comment the best you could.
You never liked talking about what you
want to be someday, did you?
Right.
What an unimaginative kid.
Uh, if so...
Huh? If a vampire drinks your blood...
don't you become one?
Did it happen already?
Yeah! But this is the important part!
Well, no need to talk about that.
Let's just sleep.
No, Nazuna-chan!
This is the crux of the matter.
Does it really matter?
I'm sleepy.
Then go ahead and sleep!
Just getting my blood sucked isn't enough!
When I fall in love with Nazuna-chan
and then have my blood sucked,
that's when I get to be a vampire!
Stop, stop! I'm so embarassed!
That's why I want to fall in love with Nazuna-chan!
Eek! Don't say that!
Do you understand now?
I guess.
What's up with her?
Nazuna-chan loves lewd jokes,
but gets really embarassed over talk about romance.
But that's an issue you guys can't avoid.
I think so, too.
Hey, are the two of you done talking?
Let's sleep.
No, really,
I'm leaving once the rain lets up,
so I shouldn't have to lie down with you two.
Besides, I'm not sleepy.
Oh, come on.
Don't be such a square.
If you stay lying down you just might fall asleep.
Akira...
Sorry I kinda dragged you into this.
It's just, I thought I should at least show you
what kind of stuff I'm doing at night.
Because I guess I made you worry.
Yamori...
Has it been fun, lately?
Yup.
Yamori, aren't your arms tired?
You can put them down.
That can't be comfortable.
Are you worried your hand might touch me?
I don't mind.
U-uh, but...
If you don't release the tension in your shoulders
and relax, you won't get to sleep.
Well, I guess so.
Um, Akira, I said I want to be a vampire,
but don't you-
Oh, sorry!
I mean, even if you become vampire,
we can still be friends, right?
There's already precedence between
you and Nanakusa-san, Ko.
You be what you want to be.
It's great that you found a dream.
Thanks.
But I'm still gonna try and get you to come to school.
Huh?
Even if you're going to be a vampire,
I still think it can't hurt to study.
W-well, I'm pretty good at studying.
I know that.
If even a little part of you thinks about going,
let me know.
Okay, goodnight.
Goodnight.
I haven't said goodnight in ages.
I always fall asleep so early.
Once the rain lets up, I'll go to school.
I'm not sleepy, anyway.
I hope he comes to school someday.
I'm sure it will be fun...
Huh?
What?! Shoot!
Was I asleep for like, four hours?!
I-I'm going to be late!
Ko, I'm off.
Can I just leave?
Akira...
Have a good day...
Thank you...
Yo!
Didja sleep well?
People sleep well when
they're satisfied with their day, you see.
Do you feel satisfied?
Who knows?
Maybe?
Yofukashi no uta
Terashitette moonlight
Me o ubatte blue light
Neon sign ga yobu omote ura
Yofukashi no uta
Tsuresatte midnight
Chibashitta red eyes
Otona tachi no komoriuta
Gaki no koro kara yoru ga suki datta
Kuji ni neru no wa nanka iya datta
Nantonaku tada mottainakatta
Omae no koto ga motto shiritakatta
Hey hey
Iwayuru sanmon no toku
Nageuttedemo mitainosa motto oku no oku no oku
Iro koku himo toku
12 o'clock kara ushi no koku made
Hajimete omae o mataida no wa
Iya hajimete matagatta no wa tashika juushi
Ore wa nanimo shirane wannabe
Tetori ashitori subete ga atarashii
Sugata katachi ni sono kaori
Shizukesa ga niau sono kuroi hada ni
Sui komareteta temaneki sareru mamani
Sorekara omae wa ongaku o kureta
Onna no hadaka mo mishite kureta
Nonda koto nee sake ni kuchi tsukete
Oton no tabacco kusune hi o tsuketa
Yaccha ikenai ga afurete
Shiccha ikenai ni mamireteru
Mukae ni kuru yami ni magirete
Omae wa itsumo kimagure de
Yofukashi no uta
Terashitette moonlight
Me o ubatte blue light
Neon sign ga yobu omote ura
Yofukashi no uta
Tsuresatte midnight
Chibashitta red eyes
Otona tachi no komoriuta